Hey guys Maxine here at AccessoryGeeks.com
and I have in front of me the Original
Audio Universal Rock-It 2.0
Portable Vibration Speaker.
Now this Rock-It speaker is unique and that
it is not actually a speaker, what it
is, is this little pod here at the top,
this will emit the vibrations of your
audio files on to any object that you want
and it will thus, turn that object into
a speaker.
So I'm actually going to go ahead and turn
this on and show you how it works.
There is an on and off switch here.
Once the device is on you will know
because there is a green LED light
indicator.
And now I'm going to go ahead and unwind
this pod from the capsule itself and
I'm going to stick it on to Batman.
Now as you can see here it is stuck to Batman
and that is will be using to emit
our audio so my Batman PDA
will soon be a speaker.
There is a 3.5 mm audio jack and I'm going
to go ahead and stick it in to a port for
my iPhone 3GS and I can stick it in the
right port and we are actually going to
cover the speaker and the microphone for
the iPhone 3GS so that you can see that
the audio will be emitted from the
little pod here and not my device.
So are you ready?
Here we go.
So as you can see my finger is over
the speaker and the microphone.
Now all the audio is being emitted from
this little capsule here so very cool you
can adjust the audio from your device—
oops, here we go so you can turn the
volume up and down and what it is doing
is the capsule is actually turning your music
into vibrations sequences and is then
turning those vibration sequences into
audio so very cool with the sound is what
you would expect from a speaker.
It is a little muffled I think it might
be because I have it stuck between
Batman's arm and his chest so that
vibrations probably caused backfire on you
know this guy.
So but still little less is a very cool
object as you can see here, you can take
it anywhere and turn anything you want
into a speaker and it is pretty portable.
You need 2 triple A batteries to operate
this but they are already included
and yeah it folds up into a neat tiny
little capsule as you can see here.
So it is very cute, very fun and great
for anywhere and it is extremely portable
so you can find the Rock-It Universal
Portable Vibration Speaker from
AccessoryGeeks.com for $24.99 plus free
shipping and handling and as always if you
enter your YouTube subscriber coupon you
can say 15% off things charged current
summer promo.
So take advantage of that, let us know
what you think and don't forget
that you got it from
a geek.